README.md, before:

Codices
=======

This is a small Yii based platform for managing personal book collections and libraries. It is meant to be used only 
for small personal libraries and does not provide any of the standard features of a full library management platform.

With Codices you'll be able to manage your books, their collections and series they're part of. Though not specifically 
made for eBooks, you may be able to use it to manage your eBook collection.

Codices will also feature a companion APP, for both Android and iOS that will offer access to the existing API.

# Platform Structure

```
Root Folder
├──codices
│  ├── app          # main Codices application, offers backend/web access
│  ├── commom       # source file shared by all other applications
│  ├── console      # application for console/maintenance usage
│  ├── migrations   # contains all database migrations
│  └── rest         # application that provides the REST API
│
│──public           # root of the public webserver's folder
│  ├── app          # contains the entry script and public resources for the main Codices application
│  └── rest         # contains the entry script for the REST API
│
└──vendor           # required system libraries, managed by composer
```

## Codices application

Codices is the name of the platform comprised of a backend/web application that allows managing books and their general 
info, a REST API that allows access to the platform's features through a JSON based interface and a pair of mobile 
applications that consume the API.

The main application, for most users, will be the WEB backend. But installing one implies installing all the applications
that make the platform (except for the tow mobile APP).

You can use only the WEB version and ignore the RES API.

## REST API

The REST API is also part of the Codices platform (as an Yii based sub-application) and will always be present, though 
it may not be used. This API is being developed to help teach a mobile application development course I teach, it may 
therefore be developed faster than the WEB version.

# Credits

Codices uses a modified version of the Bootflat-Admin template, that is also based in Bootflat. These projects where 
the base of the admin/backend user interface and can be found 
at [https://github.com/silverbux/bootflat-admin](https://github.com/silverbux/bootflat-admin)
and [http://bootflat.github.io](http://bootflat.github.io).

# License

Codices is licensed under the AGPL Open Source license. Please check the 
[LICENSE.txt](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Knitter/codices/master/LICENSE.txt) file for more information.

Commit message:

Updates readme to make it clear the project is being used as part of a course.

README.md, after:

Codices
=======

This is a small Yii based platform for managing personal book collections and libraries. It is meant to be used only 
for small personal libraries and does not provide any of the standard features of a full library management platform.

With Codices you'll be able to manage your books, their collections and series they're part of. Though not specifically 
made for eBooks, you may be able to use it to manage your eBook collection.

Codices will also feature a companion APP, for both Android and iOS that will offer access to the existing API.

**NOTICE:** This project, along with the [Books Android APP](https://github.com/Knitter/amsi-books), is being used as 
part of the course *Acesso Móvel a Sistemas de Informação*, therefore it will have some features needed in the course 
and the APP.

# Platform Structure

```
Root Folder
├──codices
│  ├── app          # main Codices application, offers backend/web access
│  ├── commom       # source file shared by all other applications
│  ├── console      # application for console/maintenance usage
│  ├── migrations   # contains all database migrations
│  └── rest         # application that provides the REST API
│
│──public           # root of the public webserver's folder
│  ├── app          # contains the entry script and public resources for the main Codices application
│  └── rest         # contains the entry script for the REST API
│
└──vendor           # required system libraries, managed by composer
```

## Codices application

Codices is the name of the platform comprised of a backend/web application that allows managing books and their general 
info, a REST API that allows access to the platform's features through a JSON based interface and a pair of mobile 
applications that consume the API.

The main application, for most users, will be the WEB backend. But installing one implies installing all the applications
that make the platform (except for the tow mobile APP).

You can use only the WEB version and ignore the RES API.

## REST API

The REST API is also part of the Codices platform (as an Yii based sub-application) and will always be present, though 
it may not be used. This API is being developed to help teach a mobile application development course I teach, it may 
therefore be developed faster than the WEB version.

# Credits

Codices uses a modified version of the Bootflat-Admin template, that is also based in Bootflat. These projects where 
the base of the admin/backend user interface and can be found 
at [https://github.com/silverbux/bootflat-admin](https://github.com/silverbux/bootflat-admin)
and [http://bootflat.github.io](http://bootflat.github.io).

# License

Codices is licensed under the AGPL Open Source license. Please check the 
[LICENSE.txt](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Knitter/codices/master/LICENSE.txt) file for more information.
